Hello, hello, hello. My name is Ryan.According, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, accordingAccording, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, according, accordingHello, hello, hello, hello. Hello. My name.is Ryan Ching.Hello, we're all entering. Let's see howlong that this audio transcription can continue for.If this is continuing then this should be the same.be updating the transcriptions file. ButIt is not, it is not uttering.just go through your file so that's not great butThat is fine.My name is Ryan Jing.Um, is this working?My name is... Yeah, this is working.but I want to update theand descriptions.txt file live.Yeah, it is perfect.All right.Let's test if this is working. My name isis Ryan Jane. If this tells youtext is being sent to theor do you know then we will see ifThis is really working. But you know what that data send is sending if.and notF, ooo, that's not dirty.One second, let me stop this. Do you want some dance?Stop by doing this and... One second.Okay, this might be better.Alright, let's see. So...If this is... Mmm...Latest word is not to find.Last word.Alright.So let's see if this is working.Cool. Now.Okay, I want it to be so po- w-Okay, so now it's waiting. So...Every new word should be being sent to you.And the Arduino, every now and then.word every new wordIt's the seater.Transcription is sending.Every new word, it's the cedar. Um, latestone two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two two twoTop and we'll be going on. See.So every new wordSee, to see every new...Okay, how is this?it reading what I'm saying.Hello, hello, alright.Oh, let's see if every word gets sent.to this. Let's see if everyoneget sent instead of sleeping. Let's do zero point one. Stop it.Let's see if, let's see if the,New words are going to be sent to me.The, let's see if...V. Okay, how about now?Alright, let's try this again.Once I'm transcripting and I'm going to add a little bit of the same color.Oh, hello. Hello, my name is Ryan.Okay, that's pretty...Alright.Let's see if this is working.Drone no talk data send. Um, no it's...Not really doing it.Alright, we're recording. Let's see whatThis sends... um... Let's see...Alright, let's start this.So is it sending...Now it's not standing what I want. Actualy.Now it's not standing what I want. Actualy.Alright, we are starting.Let's see if this sends everywordNow this is not good. No.Now this is not good. No.So this is now working. It do want toCheck this is my other fileyou want to check out the a file messageIf I almost... What?23 to alpha to 20Interesting.Interesting.Hello.to just think interestisInteresting. How is...How is...boba there's a ballOh, there's a ball.Hello. So.All right.Here's a video on what's happening. It'sfile. But you see how it's making its own line.Wait.Okay, I'm going to this is a this is aSo it'sThe way it works is every file.Um.Thank you for watching.Okay.Let's see if this works. So originally I had a like a way to go.sign in this but it was interrupting the other things that wereI'm being displayed on this Arduino. SoLet me see if this is a running.The way it works.is it's capturing what I'm saying.and what?Why does it have to be the same transcription? It's recording.Work.Okay, so here's the file of it working. The way it works isrecording 5 second files of everything I'm saying and then for eachit's reading it and then transcribing it. The thirdis that because it's every file, it's posting everyevery line for every five seconds. SoMy lines are being sent there, do we know?I wrote the Arduino data sending is like the last word. I'm just trying to figure that out.but it is working. So you can see that it's...It is doing the thing.But it's only...Like, I don't know how to explain it.It's only sending the last word of every line here.here.makes sense. So whether throughout because it's being weird. But you can do that. Thank you.Also, you just slap it on. So this is where the cord goes in.Right, so where that core goes in, that blue thing goes in.on there doing on the top corner goes there and then you just make it at the last pinOh yeah, you see this. Just made it so that the last pinis line up with the last pin there. So that all the pinsends at the end. I should go in the first pin, slap all the mainDo the thing on that side, corner on that side, line it all up.It just fit all in. Yeah.That's weird. Oh, you can figure it out. Thank you.Thank you for watching.Juh Juh JuhDuh, duh.Okay.